Shipyard integration (#1823)
DataDog/integrations-extras: shipyard/README.md

# Shipyard

## Overview

> The Datadog Shipyard integration passes your [Shipyard](1) ephemeral environment logs to your Datadog dashboard. This is useful for using Datadog's [log analysis and correlation](https://www.datadoghq.com/solutions/log-analysis-and-correlation/) functions and helping your team with [shift left testing](https://www.datadoghq.com/solutions/shift-left-testing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Shipyard integration passes your [Shipyard](1) ephemeral environment logs to your Datadog dashboard. This is useful for using Datadog's [log analysis and correlation][8] functions and helping your team with [shift left testing][9].
```

## Setup

> These instructions assume you have a Shipyard account and application set up. If you do not, you can get started for [free here](2). You can also follow the [Shipyard docs](7) on how to set up the Datadog integration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions assume you have a Shipyard account and application set up. If you do not, you can get started [for free][2]. For more information about setting up the Datadog integration, see the [Shipyard documentation][7]. 
```

### Configuration

> 0. Go to your [Datadog APIs page][5] and create an API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [API Keys page][5] and create an API key.
```

> 1. In your Shipyard dashboard, go to settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your Shipyard dashboard, go to **Settings**. 
```

> 2. Under the Datadog section, enter your Datadog API key and the Datadog site URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under the Datadog section, enter your Datadog API key and the Datadog site URL.
```

>    ![datadog-input][6]

Reviewer: This is correct! :D

>    1. If you do not see a Datadog section here, email [support@shipyard.build](3) to enable this feature for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If you do not see a Datadog section here, email [support@shipyard.build][3] to enable this feature for your organization.
```

>    2. To get the Datadog site URL, use the [Getting Started with Datadog Sites](4) documentation and compare your dashboard's site URL to the ones in the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. To get the Datadog site URL, see [Getting Started with Datadog Sites][4] and compare your dashboard's site URL to the ones in the table.
```

> 3. Click the "install Datadog" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Install Datadog**.
```

>    1. Optionally, toggle the "enable Datadog logging for all environments," Shipyard will automatically send the logs for all your environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Optionally, toggle `enable Datadog logging for all environments`, Shipyard will automatically send the logs for all your environments.
```

> 4. To select specific environments from which you want to send logs for each repo, visit the [Configure Application page](https://docs.shipyard.build/docs/config). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To select specific environments from which you want to send logs for each repo, see the [Configure Application page][10]. 
```

>    1. Select the third tab, "Notification Settings". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Select the **Notification Settings** tab. 
```

>    2. Toggle the "Enable Datadog logging" for this environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Toggle `Enable Datadog logging` for this environment.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

Shipyard does not include any metrics.

### Service Checks

Shipyard does not include any service checks.

### Events

Shipyard does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Shipyard support][3].

[1]: https://shipyard.build/
[2]: https://shipyard.build/signup
[3]: mailto:support@shipyard.build
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
[6]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mesmith027/DataDog-integrations-extras/shipyard-integration/shipyard/images/datadog-input.png

> [7]: https://docs.shipyard.build/docs/integrations/#send-logs-to-datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[7]: https://docs.shipyard.build/docs/integrations/#send-logs-to-datadog
[8]: https://www.datadoghq.com/solutions/log-analysis-and-correlation/
[9]: https://www.datadoghq.com/solutions/shift-left-testing/
[10]: https://docs.shipyard.build/docs/config
```

# Shipyard

## Overview

The Datadog Shipyard integration passes your [Shipyard][1] ephemeral environment logs to your Datadog dashboard. This is useful for using Datadog's [log analysis and correlation][8] functions and helping your team with [shift-left testing][9].

> 

Reviewer 2: The overview section should include:
1. What Shipyard does in 1-2 sentences
2. The value that customers would get from this integration 
3. Data you are sending in

Author: I believe I have included the necessary details for you here: 0416cd420dbea24e7aebb1351f6ad906b3a7bd41

# Shipyard

## Overview

Shipyard unblocks DevOps teams from bulky, outdated production pipelines. We resolve the pre-production or staging bottleneck with our agile on-demand ephemeral (testing or preview) environments.

The Datadog Shipyard integration automatically passes your [Shipyard][1] ephemeral environment logs to your Datadog dashboard. This is valuable for using Datadog's [log analysis and correlation][8] functions and helping your team with [shift-left testing][9].

> For every application you want the logs for, Shipyard sends the runtime logs of your application to Datadog. 

Reviewer 2: Please include what kinds of logs will be sent in, and the value that these logs will bring for a Datadog/Shipyard customer - i.e. why they want these logs, and how they can use them in Datadog. 

In this case, it links to various articles which could be a lot of redirecting for customers trying to understand the value of the integration.

Author: Hi @emarsha94, 

So the type of logs we send to Datadog is the runtime logs of an application. What are you looking for in clarification on this sentence?

Reviewer 2: That's perfect! Can you include that and the value of sending runtime logs to Datadog? This section is to help mutual customers or new customers understand what the integration does and the value of the integration.

# Shipyard

## Overview

> Shipyard unblocks DevOps teams from bulky, outdated production pipelines. We resolve the pre-production or staging bottleneck with our agile on-demand ephemeral (testing or preview) environments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Shipyard unblocks DevOps teams from bulky, outdated production pipelines. We resolve pre-production or staging bottlenecks with our agile on-demand ephemeral (testing or preview) environments.
```

> The Datadog Shipyard integration automatically passes your [Shipyard][1] ephemeral environment logs to your Datadog dashboard. For every application you have enables the Datadog logs for, Shipyard sends the runtime logs of your application to your dashboard. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Datadog Shipyard integration automatically passes your [Shipyard][1] ephemeral environment logs to Datadog, for all applications on which you have enabled Datadog logs. 
```
Suggesting to shorten this text a bit, but let me know if this still makes sense (feel free to correct if not)

This is useful for: 

> - monitoring your application’s runtime status
> - using Datadog to enrich and parse your runtime logs
> - uncover trends and compare the logs from your application’s environments using Datadog’s easy to use interface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- monitoring your application's runtime status
- using Datadog to enrich and parse your runtime logs
- uncover trends and compare the logs from your application's environments using Datadog’s easy to use interface
```

## Setup

> These instructions assume you have a Shipyard account and application set up. If you do not, you can get started [for free][2]. For more information about setting up the Datadog integration, see the [Shipyard documentation][7]. 

Reviewer 3: Should this sentence:
> For more information about setting up the Datadog integration, see the [Shipyard documentation][7]. 

go at the bottom of the section?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions assume you have a Shipyard account and application set up. If you do not, you can get started [for free][2]. 
```

### Configuration

1. Navigate to the [API Keys page][5] and create an API key.
2. In your Shipyard dashboard, go to **Settings**. 

> 3. Under the Datadog section, enter your Datadog API key and the Datadog site URL. *Note: The site URL is not required and therefore we suggest you try your connection with just your API key to begin with*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Under the Datadog section, enter your Datadog API key and the Datadog site URL. 
```
I think it would make it simpler to either require the site URL, or just don't include the optional line above.

   ![datadog-input][6]
   1. If you do not see a Datadog section here, email [support@shipyard.build][3] to enable this feature for your organization.

>    2. To get the Datadog site URL, see [Getting Started with Datadog Sites][4] and compare your dashboard's site URL to the ones in the table.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   2. To get your Datadog site URL, see [Getting Started with Datadog Sites][4].
```

3. Click **Install Datadog**.

>    1. Optionally, toggle `enable Datadog logging for all environments`, Shipyard will automatically send the logs for all your environments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   1. Optionally, toggle `enable Datadog logging for all environments` if you would like Shipyard to automatically send logs for **all** of your environments.
```

4. To select specific environments from which you want to send logs for each repo, see the [Configure Application page][10]. 
   1. Select the **Notification Settings** tab. 
   2. Toggle `Enable Datadog logging` for this environment.

> ## Data Collected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about setting up the Datadog integration, see the [Shipyard documentation][7]. 

## Data Collected
```
